hey this j pepes errday happy friday how
in the world is doing sir is at the
tower is over here on this right-hand
side as we're heading back here i want
you to make sure that you stay tuned to
the end of this video because i'm going
to be showing off some of the new
exotics from the taken king that were
announced on instagram so i'll talk
about what they have purple eyes as well
so stay tuned for that but before we get
into that let's check out what sir has
I'm hoping for an icebreaker no all
right looks like the Peregrine Greaves
are up first for the Titan let me get on
those of us all intellect 140 not too
bad at all max is 160 carry more animal
for heavy weapons and shoulder charge
deals bonus damage while activated in
here so I never use these things if
you're short on coins I'd hold back not
the greatest thing to use but crest of
alpha lupi this is all for a hundred
class that strength 147 Max is 181 so
not the greatest central revived
teammates faster small more orbs carry
more ammo special weapons and hand hands
so this is really good if you are a 3v3
PvP players you play that game mode
those game modes definitely pick that up
but the apotheosis fail this is all
discipline 109 which isn't excuse me
which isn't the greatest to get max 136
but mainly it's your punishment Nate
engineering punish health and activating
your sooner super regenerates health so
not the greatest thing to picked up as
well if you're a PVE player you might
want to pick that up but if not you
might want to just skip that but Plan C
alright this is has a hip fire bonus
reduces charge time improved range and
accuracy this weapon has extremely low
recoil and then the finest one charging
equip times are very short immediately
after weapon swap so this thing is
really good in PvE and PvP if you don't
have it definitely pick it up and then
we've got what do we have here at your
arm gauntlets then of course the typical
things here but I'm gonna switch over
you can check out what these things are
and I'm going to switch over so stay
tuned let me get that on there and i'll
show you the new exotics alright so here
are the six new exotic set bungee showed
us i'm going to go through each one of
them until
about the perks that they have I also
have some links to some previous videos
that I did this week the exotic hunt
number 6 that's where I do two night
falls with my son and show you what
things that he gets for them the rewards
for it he's trying to collect all the
exacts before TDK drops and I kind of
show which ones he has and which ones he
needs and then I also did the nightfall
solo ran it against I'm niguel he can
check that one out and i also have been
playing the black ops 3 beta and it gave
my first impressions after playing that
beta for a day so if you click on any of
those they will open up in a new window
but let's get into these exotics alright
so first up we've got the Imperium
bellicose this is a Titan helmet and
this thing says aiming your weapons
while in the air will hold you in place
for a short time so that sounds like the
angel of light / from the Sun singers
have but also orbs collected when you're
super is full will recharge your melee
abilities so that's kind of interesting
then we've got the chaperone this is a
shot gun that fires a single slug now it
also grants you in a Jody boost sounds
like it gives you the lightweight perk
that plus 2 agility but here's a really
cool thing your precision kills will
grant a brief increase to handling range
rate of fire instability that sounds
crazy especially for PvP this could be a
go-to gun in PvP then we've got the
alchemist ramoth though this is a
warlock chess piece that's got a really
weird thing it says collecting primary
animal will give you a chance to gain
glimmer I don't know where they got that
from but then orbs collected when you're
super is full recharges your grenades
and melee at the same time so that's
really nice and we've got the Telestial
tool esto this is a fusion rifle that
attaches projectiles to your foe and
detonates with a blade boy bass so Boyd
blast so that sounds like the needler
from halo if you played that but check
this out multi kills with this weapon
will drop orbs for your allies that
sounds really interesting and I'm
wondering how that's going to play out
then we've got the sealed a Khom Cara
graphs this is for hunters and these
things provide an additional mail a
charge and your melee damage also has a
chance to reload your primary weapon
which not very crazy about that last
part but that first part though I'm
wondering if
it's gonna stack with the gunslingers
gamblers dagger the one that gives you
the extra throwing knife are we gonna
get three throwing knives I doubt it but
that would be really interesting but
last but not least we have this sleeper
simulant this is a heavy fusion rifle
that means it's going to be equipped in
the heavy spot so that's going to be a
new weapon type that sounds really
interesting but this weapon is
supposedly supposed to tear through
enemies and ricochet on her hard
surfaces so new weapon type I like that
pierces through enemies and bounces off
walls that could be really interesting
but we'll have to wait and see but those
are the six new exotics that Bungie
showed us let me know if you're
interested in any of those make sure you
check out my previous videos but guys
that's form an end it as always take
care and God bless
you